ENH: Add details about ET setup (#99)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/tear-down.md

- [ ] **Retrieve ET recordings** (from {{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}):
    - [ ] Insert a USB key into *{{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}* and save the experiment from AcqKnowledge.
    - [ ] Upload to a pre-designated drop-box (e.g., using Dropbox)

> - [ ] Press ‘CTRL+ALT+Q’ on the ET PC Tower to exit the EyeLink 1000 Plus Host PC application and click on the Shutdown button from the File Manager tool bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Press `CTRL+ALT+Q` on the ET PC Tower to exit the EyeLink 1000 Plus Host PC application and click on the Shutdown button from the File Manager toolbar.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Press <span class="keypress">Ctrl</span>+<span class="keypress">Alt</span>+<span class="keypress">Q</span> on the ET's computer to exit the EyeLink 1000 Plus Host PC application and click on the <span class="keypress">Shutdown</span> button from the **File Manager** toolbar.
```

> - [ ] Press ‘CTRL+ALT+Q’ on the ET PC Tower to exit the EyeLink 1000 Plus Host PC application and click on the Shutdown button from the File Manager tool bar.

Reviewer: Have you tested this on our setup? From what I remember, when I exited the Eyelink application, I was left with a black screen, so "click on the Shutdown button from the File Manager toolbar" would not have been possible.
